Book library Code review (#1)
StuartCowley/book-library: README.md

# Book Library API

> 

Author: Great README! Not related to this file, but the `.DS_Store` file should not be included here

## HTTP Routes

### Reader

- Create Reader - POST to '/reader'
- Read all Reader - GET from '/reader'
- Read one Reader ID - GET from '/reader/:id'
- Update Reader - PATCH '/reader/:id'
- Delete Reader - DELETE '/reader/:id'

### Book

- Create Book - POST to '/book'
- Read all Book - GET from '/book'
- Read one Book ID - GET from '/book/:id'
- Update Book - PATCH '/book/:id'
- Delete Book - DELETE '/book/:id'

### Genre

- Create Genre - POST to '/genre'
- Read all Genre - GET from '/genre'
- Read one Genre ID - GET from '/genre/:id'
- Update Genre - PATCH '/genre/:id'
- Delete Genre - DELETE '/genre/:id'

### Author

- Create Author - POST to '/author'
- Read all Author - GET from '/author'
- Read one Author ID - GET from '/author/:id'
- Update Author - PATCH '/author/:id'
- Delete Author - DELETE '/author/:id'

## Instructions

- Pull and run a new MySQL Docker image `docker run -d -p 3307:3306 --name book_library_mysql -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=password mysql` - make sure to chance `MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD` to something more appropriate. This will be used in `.env` file.
- Connect your MYSQL image to MYSQL Workbench application.

> - Clone this repo and chance into the directory

Author: ```suggestion
- Clone this repo and `cd` into the new directory
```
